Add CMake sieve implementation (#838)
PlummersSoftwareLLC/Primes: PrimeCMake/solution_1/README.md

# Implementation in R

![Algorithm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Algorithm-base-green)

> ![Faithfulness](https://img.shields.io/badge/Faithful-yes-green)

Author: `CONTRIBUTING.md` says this:
> * It uses a class to encapsulate the sieve, or a (closest) equivalent feature in your language if a class construct is not available. This class must contain the full state of the sieve. Each iteration should re-create a new instance of this class from scratch.

In this implementation, the state of the sieve is stored in the `sieve` list variable.

> ![Faithfulness](https://img.shields.io/badge/Faithful-yes-green)

Reviewer: The point is that the list variable itself has to be encapsulated by the class construct, which must: 
- also include whatever else is needed to contain the full state of the sieve. The nearly 400 implementations in this repo have defined "the full state of the sieve" to include the sieve's size as a separate property, at least.
- itself be created from scratch for every iteration.

I'm happy to accept that the CMake "language" may well have no class-like construct available, but that does not change the situation concerning faithfulness. This has also been extensively documented in previous solutions/languages.

![Parallelism](https://img.shields.io/badge/Parallel-no-green)
![Bit count](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bits-16-yellowgreen)

> This is an implementation of the [Sieve of Eratosthenes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes) algorithm in R. This implementation makes use of the reference class object oriented method that is available in R. This results in a solution that is closer to the rules defined in [CONTRIBUTING.md](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

Author: Indeed, copy/paste error from the R readme, which I used as template.
```suggestion
This is an implementation of the [Sieve of Eratosthenes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sieve_of_Eratosthenes) algorithm in CMake. The complete state of the sieve is stored in a `sieve` cmake variable.
```

### Credits

@davepl for the original CPP submission that was used as a reference.

## Run instructions

### Run native

To run this solution you need "CMake".
This program is available in most package managers of Linux distributions,
or downloadable at https://cmake.org/download/.
The script is designed to run in batch mode with `cmake -P`.

```bash
cd path/to/sieve
cmake -P primes.cmake
```

By default, the algorithm benchmarks the number of primes up to 1,000,000.
The number of primes for sieve sizes can be calculated by passing `-DSIEVE_SIZE=xxx`.
Make sure this argument goes *before* `-P primes.cmake`.

```bash
cd path/to/sieve
cmake -DSIEVE_SIZE=100  0 -P primes.cmake

```

### Run with Docker

To run with Docker take the following steps:

1. Install Docker: <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>
2. Build the image:

    ```bash
    docker build --pull --rm -f Dockerfile -t primes_cmake:latest .
    ```

3. Run with Docker:

    ```bash
    docker run --rm primes_cmake:latest
    ```

## Output

Below is an example of the output on my machine, running with Docker.

```bash
Passes: 1, Time: 20.169636, Avg: 20.169636 (sec/pass), Limit: 1000000, Count: 78498, Valid: true

> madebr_cmake;1;20.169636;1;algorithm=base,faithful=no,bits=unknown

Author: ```suggestion
madebr_cmake;1;20.169636;1;algorithm=base,faithful=no
```
